Long ago, during a forgotten era, the beings of Light and Darkness were fighting an endless war, which ended when Yarae the Arcane Lord appeared to take his place as an arbiter between both sides. He created ten guardians or demons to protect the factions from destroying each other. Each guardian was bestowed control over different classes of powers and beings. More demons were created as necessary to help the Original Ten with their task.
Yarae had great powers that could control or restrain the chaotic nature of the Light and Darkness factions. He used his powers moderately and wisely for eons, bringing peace and prosperity to all — until he was corrupted by unknown forces.
As he was corrupted, so were the Original Ten. Yarae commanded them and the rest of the demonkind to bring chaos upon all that existed. A significant part of all that existed was corrupted by the touch of the Original Ten until the gods of Light and Darkness figured out a way to combine their forces in a single entity capable of fighting the new evil. The Avatar of the Union of Light and Darkness was born.
With the power of the Union, they managed to significantly weaken Yarae and trap him in the Void between worlds. Soon his ten servants were defeated as well, but not all of them could be destroyed, as the Union was also weakened by the fight. Those of the Original Ten who survived were purified and made to serve more lawful purposes. The powers of those who were destroyed were lost, although it is believed they may come into existence again by binding to newborn creatures.
Uria of the Original Ten was charged with the task of guarding the corrupted worlds with the help of the rest of the demonkind. The power of the Union was lastly used to separate the corrupted worlds from the rest almost completely into the space of Inferno. As the power of the Union faded away, the Body of the Union and the Globes of Light and Darkness were left behind. As it was feared that the Original Ten could become corrupted again, or Yarae could escape his imprisonment, the three objects were hidden in different locations about which demonkind did not know. Those locations were in the worlds of Ethea, Irdya and Norsula, respectively.
When the era comes in which one or more of the Original Ten become corrupted again, two beings shall be born, each one in the places were the Globes were hidden. The powers of Light and Darkness shall bind to each one, and once both beings join their spirits, they shall become the new Avatars of the Union. And the cycle shall repeat in the case one of them is destroyed.
