Scenario 2


	Nifhell - Skadi Duchy
	
	Vranken Xaintrailles stared at the snowy moutains. Skadi was a region of cold winds and frozen mist, which actually didn't bother the young captain. He had grown up here, in the old manor of Xaintrailles familly, raised up by a fidel butler since the death of his parents.
	Although life in Nifhell was generally piecefull, expect for some skirmishes with Muspell, some bandits have turned to be a problem for Skadi citizens... And Vranken was send by the Council to put an end to their misdeeds !
	His company had fought them for two days, and it was time to order the final assault. He glanced at Rymôr, his first lieutenant, who has fought with him since the begining, and his imposing bearing encouraged him. They actually had the upper hand, even without counting on the magical skills of Frä Drumar. A captain and an oracle fighting together was a centuries old nifhellian tradition, and it has done its proofs in several battles.
	This battle was to be easy !
	
	
Vranken:	Come on soldiers ! Let's end this
	
Rymôr: Ah some action, at last !

Frä Drumar: The Source is formel, Vranken, this should be an easy win !

Rymôr: Bunshop, ready ? (enthousiactic barking)
	
	
---- after the defeat of the leader : 

Messenger: Captain Vranken ? High priority message from the council ! They demand your presence in Kenningar ! 


Scneario 3 (story only)

	Muspell - Arghar Plain
	
	Atli stopped his mount. The whole plain of Arghar was spreading in front of him, swept by the warm winds of Muspell. Mounting had always calmed the Khan down. When the fate of your people is about to be decided, anxiety is quite natural...
	His fine hearing detected steps coming towards him. Probably news, at last !
	"My Khan ! Great news! Our warriors on Dead Island have crushed Nifhell defenses and are now master of the White Arks facility !"
	Atli seized the moment and addressed a silent prayer to spirits. The third part of Bloody Dew operation was a success !
	
	
	Nifhell - Kenningar - Council Antechamber
	
	Vranken footsteps was echoing in the marble room. He was excited : the Council was summoning him only for action, and he hoped it would be an occasion to travel. Skadi was a rather nice Duchy, but he was missing long journey so badly...
	Two Emperoguards got in his way. 
	"Vranken Xaintrailles, I'm waited by the Council"
	"It's fine then, you shall pass."
	Their faces didn't lose their focus. Something really unexpected was going on ! Vranken enthusiasm grew up.
	
	Egil Skinir Ran Gragass Harbar Augentyr Urvi Herjar Bragi Daldr
	
	Skinir : "Captain Xaintrailles, please have a sit !"
	
	Gragass : "You're here because of worrying news from Dead Island. Its garrison seems under attack. Our magi received this message yesterday, send through the White Arks by Jödumur, commanding Dead Island company."
	
	(Hologram) " Communication Mage for Dead Island here ! We are under attack from Muspell. They outnumber us by far ! We request immediate help ! They have already broke our first line and ... "
	
	Augentyr : "The message stops here, so we fear muspellians have already taken the White Arks facility.."
	
	Herjar : "(thumping the table) What an arrogance from Muspell ! They openly dare to attack the Federation ! They will pay for this insult !
	
	Dalr : "The Council share Herjar's opinion. Your mission, Vranken, is to lead Nifhell forces and take back Dead Island !"
	
	Vranken : (Thinking for a while) "It's rather strange to me that Muspell attacks Dead Island. We have always letting them use the White Arks. What's would be the point ?"
	
	Skinir : "That doesn't matter. We have to stop Muspell invasion !"
	
	Augentyr : "We omitted a detail : the muspellian troops are displaying Octopus flag !"
	
	Vranken thrilled. Octopus was the best general of Muspell. He quickly earned his reputation by defeating Nifhell in small skirmishes during the last two years. His name came from he ability to move his troops like tentacles, thus winning already lost battles.
	
